Update README with new community and contribution details (#17706)
PrefectHQ/prefect: README.md

If your use case is geared towards communicating with Prefect Cloud or a remote Prefect server, check out our
[prefect-client](https://pypi.org/project/prefect-client/). It is a lighter-weight option for accessing client-side functionality in the Prefect SDK and is ideal for use in ephemeral execution environments.

## Connect & Contribute
Join a thriving community of over 25,000 practitioners who solve data challenges with Prefect. Prefect's community is built on collaboration, technical innovation, and continuous improvement.

> ### Community Resources

Reviewer: I think all of these are missing links

🌐 **Explore the Documentation** - Comprehensive guides and API references  
💬 **Join the Slack Community** - Connect with thousands of practitioners  
🧠 **Discourse Forum** - Knowledge base built by the community  
🤝 **Contribute to Prefect** - Help shape the future of the project  
🔌 **Support or create a new Prefect integration** - Extend Prefect's capabilities

> ### Stay Informed

Reviewer: same comment as above, these need links

Join a thriving community of over 25,000 practitioners who solve data challenges with Prefect. Prefect's community is built on collaboration, technical innovation, and continuous improvement.

### Community Resources
🌐 **[Explore the Documentation](https://docs.prefect.io)** - Comprehensive guides and API references  
💬 **[Join the Slack Community](https://prefect.io/slack)** - Connect with thousands of practitioners  

> 🧠 **[Discourse Forum](https://discourse.prefect.io)** - Knowledge base built by the community  

Reviewer: actually we turned discourse off so we should remove this one

Author: Ah ok will update

> 🤝 **[Contribute to Prefect](https://github.com/PrefectHQ/prefect)** - Help shape the future of the project  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
🤝 **[Contribute to Prefect](https://docs.prefect.io/contribute/)** - Help shape the future of the project  
```
